[dramatic music]
[tense, dramatic music rises]
[tense, dramatic music]
[upbeat music]
[vocalist singing
happy tune in Thai]
[indistinct chatter]
[Thai vocals continue]
You're next.
[soft chuckle]
She looks so happy.
[man speaks Thai]
[song ends]
[cheers and applause]
Oh my God!
[woman] Thank you
so much for coming!
It wouldn't be the same
without my two favourite
troublemakers.
Everything's perfect,
don't worry.
-You're perfect.
-I love you girls so much.
We love you so much.
-We love you so much.
-I'm married!
[both] You're married!
-You're married!
-I'm married!
-Go dance with your husband.
-Go!
-Your husband!
Go, go, go.
She's so cute.
[photographer speaks Thai]
I love you, too.
[man] I love you, baby.
Miss you so much.
[laughs softly]
[man speaks Thai]
[woman] Yummy.
[Mandal] Shark.
-Excuse me?
-Hey.
Oh, you're about
to dive into a plate
featuring shark fin.
-[Emma] Really?
-[Mandal] Yeah.
[Emma] Thank you.
I feel like I could,
er, use a guide.
I don't really
recognise any of this.
Oh, really?
Well, why go for shark
when you got octopus
right there?
-Ah!
-There's some raw crab.
Be careful with that.
Crickets, or you could
spice things up a little bit.
I love the fried silkworm.
These are great.
I'm not really into bugs.
Oh.
Don't worry about it.
It's one of my favourites.
A little bit salty,
but they're like chips
with sprinkles of, erm, protein.
Does it come with ketchup?
Er, I think soy sauce.
That's the way to go.
Good? Yeah?
[strained swallow]
-Water?
-Oh, er, bartender,
can I get some water?
[bartender] Ma'am, cup.
-Ma'am.
-Thank you.
Here you go.
[conversing in Thai]
You can spit it out.
[bartender] Wow.
Oh my God.
-Oh my God.
-You all right?
You know, I think I'm going
to stick with dessert.
-Sure.
-Thank you.
No problem, no problem.
[crowd cheering]
Hey, how you feeling?
-You okay?
-Yeah.
Er, I'm Mandal.
-I'm Emma.
-Pleasure, Emma.
-So you speak Thai?
-I do, yes.
-Where do you call home?
-The sea, the ocean.
I just got back.
I was in Australia,
Tahiti, Bali.
-Hmm.
-Yeah.
But now I'm here. I have, erm,
an eco boat tour.
It's a dream. I love it,
especially when the sharks
come out and steal the show.
That's really sweet
you like your job.
I love it.
-What about you?
-I love my job,
but endless night shifts.
Oh, you're a doctor?
I wish. I'm a nurse.
-A nurse?
-Mm-hmm.
I'm a nurse.
What colour are your eyes?
Blue.
Greenish, actually.
You know, on the island,
they have a saying.
Green eyes are a symbol
of good luck.
Emma?
-Who's your friend?
-Lani.
Mandal, this is Lani,
my best friend.
We work together.
-Nice to meet you.
-Pleasure.
Great desserts, by the way.
[woman] Let's make a wish.
As we release these lanterns
into the night sky,
we honour the earth
and the spirits of
the wind and stars.
This ritual is a symbol
for new beginnings.
Each lantern is more
than a flicker of light.
-It's a wish.
-What on earth is he doing?
[man] A memory...
[Lani] He's totally adorable.
[Emma] You know I'm not here
for a tropical romance.
[Lani]
I know you think he's hot.
You would totally, like,
marry him
and have a bunch of
little tropical babies.
I'm not ready yet.
Passion is ignited
under the stars
with the warmth
of a tropical night
enhancing the intensity.
Shut up.
[softly]
Shit.
-[soft chuckle]
-Shh.
[quietly]
Ladies.
What are you guys
doing tomorrow?
Emma and I were thinking
about going on the bay cruise.
Why are you asking?
What you have in mind?
Erm, I just wanted
to invite you both
to a very special boat tour
on my boat to a shark sanctuary.
-Sharks?
-Yeah.
Yeah, I'm not a big fan
of sharks.
Emma, you said you wanted
to do something exotic
while you were here.
I think this qualifies.
I was thinking more like
horseback riding,
not feeding sharks.
Emma, the newly-weds
won't notice that we're
not at the hotel tomorrow.
They'll be drinking
Mai Tais by the pool.
It is the rare
opportunity to reconnect
with nature
by feeding tiger sharks.
I've taken newly-weds twice.
Perfect.
She'd love to come.
I mean, we would love to come.
Together,
we celebrate this sacred moment,
honouring the beauty of nature
and... all that sustains us.
[soft traditional music]
I'm not getting on that thing.
Look at that, kids on board.
Hey, how's the shark ride?
Awesome, those sharks are huge!
[Lani] How huge are we talking?
Bigger than that boat.
One gulp and we're all gone.
Okay, Mr. Smarty Pants,
he's just trying to scare you.
-But they really like the chips.
-[girl] Those are my chips.
Come on, Emma,
lover boy captain's
got everything under control.
[Emma]
Okay, just don't embarrass me.
Hey, you guys made it. Great.
Looks like you're in luck.
The conditions are great today.
Well, that right there
is my right-hand, Ruhan.
He just got back
from the Great Barrier Reef.
Make yourself at home.
[camera beeps]
All right, guys, here we go.
Boarding for the shark tour.
This is Captain Mandal,
fancies himself
the Shark Whisperer,
and his trusty
right hand, Ruhan.
And if we happen
to go overboard,
at least we'll make a splash.
Permission to climb aboard,
Captain?
Permission granted.
Watch your step.
Welcome aboard.
Emma.
I don't bite.
Welcome aboard.
Watch your step.
[engine ignites]
[soft music]
A journey
into a natural paradise.
It's like having a front-row
seat to the water safari.
I know this is a long shot,
but is there any cell signal?
I would love to
FaceTime my fiancé.
Oh, not for a few hours.
Not until we get back.
But you can use a message
in a bottle if you like.
[distant chatter and laughter]
I'm a nurse.
I've seen a lot of bloody stuff,
but this, this is gross.
Shark like fish.
What you like?
Like shark?
Er, I like nature,
as long as
it's not trying to eat me.
Are sharks really dangerous?
Well, more curious
than dangerous.
Humans are the real threat.
[Emma] Humans?
Yeah, humans.
I mean, people are far more
cold-blooded than sharks.
Sharks hunt, humans kill.
I don't think the average
human could take a life.
I know I couldn't.
Well, sharks fight for survival
while humans kill for greed,
self-preservation, revenge.
I'm more afraid
of a world without sharks.
If they disappeared,
the small fish population
would explode.
Their food, plankton,
and tiny shrimp,
probably runs out.
They'd starve.
The algae and the bacteria
would start
sucking the oxygen
out of the water.
Marine life would suffocate.
Hence, the reason
why we need sanctuaries
to protect sharks.
Stop shipping,
stop shark finning.
It's really important.
I didn't realise you were
such a conservationist.
Well, I used to be
a marine biologist,
but life had other plans.
You impressed, Em?
I'm intrigued.
We're just warming up.
How's the wind, Ruhan?
[inaudible chatter]
[adventurous music]
Welcome to the Bay.
Okay, you guys see
those two points right there?
That is where the sharks
enter the bay.
They come in here to breed
and feed on seals
and turtles and fish
and whatever they can chomp on.
Ruhan, drop the anchor.
Just keep looking around.
You guys will see them.
Trust me.
They like us.
They like this boat.
You guys pay attention.
They pop up and they disappear.
They vanish pretty quickly.
So you got to keep an eye out,
but they are around.
-[Lani] Oh my God, I see one!
-[Mandal] There you go,
there you go.
-You see it, Emma?
-[Lani gasps]
[Mandal] It's right there.
So most sharks,
if you look closely,
their dorsal fin,
their tails have unique
specific markings on them.
Each one is
completely different.
[Emma] Like a visual ID?
[Mandal] Yeah,
it's like a human fingerprint.
Pretty cool, right?
Ruhan.
Chum.
Gross. No, that smells so bad.
[Mandal] Oh, it's all--
It's part of the whole tour.
-Oh. Emma, do it.
-[Mandal] Yeah, yeah.
-[Emma] No!
-I don't want to do it.
[Mandal] Chum, it's made
of different fish guts
and blood.
-To them, that's like ice cream.
-Eww.
[Mandal] Pretty soon,
you'll see ten sharks over here.
Just pour it in there,
it'll be fine.
[Lani] What am I supposed
to do with it?
Throw it in there. That's right,
it's part of the thing.
-[Emma] Is that food?
-[Mandal] Pad Thai.
Oh my gosh,
it does smell really bad.
-[Mandal] Don't be scared.
-How do I... What do I do?
Just pick it up,
and toss a little bit
over from the bottom.
There you go.
From the bottom like that.
Are you ready?
Oh, they're gonna love it.
-It's so gross.
-Go for it, go for it.
-There you go.
-[Lani shrieks, laughs]
You see that?
They already smelled it.
There's more over there.
Right there,
they're coming towards us.
Whoa, look at those teeth!
[Mandal] Here they come!
Here they come.
Look! Look!
Oh my gosh, there's so many!
Emma, give me the camera.
Let's take some
photos of the sharks.
[camera beeps]
Okay, guys, so every
single shark, they have
their own personalities, right?
Their own personas.
They're like humans, right?
One shark is shy,
another one is bold,
another one
a little bit erratic.
Some are unpredictable,
so just got to be careful.
Are those the ones
that attack humans
if they're in a bad mood?
Well, they don't really
attack humans,
but sharks are very active
because
they're constantly hunting,
because that's how they survive.
If you behave and you
present yourself like prey
and your mannerisms
are like prey
and you swim like prey,
then they may come over
and take a little bite.
So don't act like prey,
or they'll probably taste you.
-Splendid.
-[Mandal] It's not a big deal,
but if they do bite,
bites are very bacterial,
because they're constantly
biting on seals and rays,
so they don't exactly
have toothbrushes.
So, I would do your best
not to act like prey.
We'll stay out here
for a little bit longer.
And, er, maybe you guys
can adopt a shark.
That could be kind of cool.
-Do that.
-Sponsor a shark.
Sponsor a shark. Adopt a shark.
Okay, I got an idea.
How about some shark petting?
No, Lani, you do it.
-I can't.
-[Mandal] Just a great part
of the tour.
This is what I do all the time.
You just gotta trust me.
Give me your hand for a second.
Emma,
this is a once-in-a-lifetime
opportunity.
-No, Lani will do it.
-This is a once-in-a-lifetime.
-Just give me your hand.
-[Lani] Go do it.
-Trust me.
-[Emma] No, no.
-[Lani] Go, go.
-Here he comes.
-Emma, gimme your hand.
-No, no, you do it.
-I don't want to pet it.
-[Lani] You have to pet him.
-[Emma] I don't want to pet it.
-[Lani] Do it.
[Lani] Go, go, go.
It's really close. Come on.
Don't be scared.
[Lani] Go, do it.
Reach out, reach out, reach out.
Go, go, go, go. Touch it.
Gimme your hand right here.
Emma, Emma, Emma,
right there. Ready?
Touch it, touch it, touch it.
Reach out, reach out,
reach out, reach out.
You did it.
[Mandal chuckles]
It feels like sandpaper.
Yeah, well, it's covered
in tooth-like scales.
Some fins have
chunks missing and scars.
From bigger sharks?
Yeah.
Sharks are
extremely territorial.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the second best part
of our tour,
the grand spectacle
of Thailand Island.
-[Emma] Oh my God.
-[Lani] That's a lot of meat.
[Mandal]
Ruhan, please do the honours.
I dare you to put
your hand in the water.
You're crazy.
-You do it.
-[Emma] No, I already did that.
Yeah, but not when
they're hungry.
Look at them,
they will eat me in a second.
[Mandal] Tiger sharks are built
for these waters.
They look for fish and turtles,
even seabirds.
Look at that head.
That shape lets them pivot fast,
through the water
and crush through shells.
There's so many of them.
[Mandal] Those are tremendous,
amazing animals.
They're beautiful creatures,
and they are practically
weightless in water,
and they can propel themselves
at tremendous speeds,
like that, instantly.
[Lani shrieks]
Is this normal?
What is happening?
[Mandal]
No, no, it's fine. It's okay.
It's just stuck.
Ruhan, cut the line.
Ruhan.
What is he doing?
Why is he hitting the shark?
Cut the line, Ruhan! Stop it!
You're making it angry!
Cut the line, Ruhan!
-Monster! Get out of here!
-[Lani] Why is he hurting it?
Stop! Stop!
Give me the wrench up there!
Give me the wrench,
there you go.
Aah!
[speaks Thai]
[Lani gasps]
Is it gone?
You guys good?
You okay? Okay, just sit down.
It's fine. It was just caught.
Everything's fine.
Everything's okay.
Just sit there. Have a seat.
Hey! Hey, hey!
Hey!
You pull that shit again,
you're off my boat.
You understand?
Sorry, Captain.
[engine hesitates]
[Mandal] Okay.
That was just, erm,
that was Sheena.
She's the local shark celebrity
of the island.
Sheena?
Sheena seems pretty aggressive.
She's a 12-foot magical shark.
Beautiful creature.
And, erm, yeah, she's
expecting a belly full of pups,
so she's a little bit spicy,
you know?
It's no big deal. We're gonna
patch things up,
and, er, why don't you guys
just chill out,
er, take some photos.
There's some water
underneath there
if you guys want some.
[Ruhan] Captain!
We're okay.
Everything's fine.
I mean, we're fine.
Just in case, safety precaution.
[engine hesitates]
[tense music rises]
[Ruhan grunts]
[engine hesitates]
[tools clatter]
[chain rattles]
[quietly]
Ruhan.
Anchor.
[hull creaking]
Simon, you copy?
This is Bay One.
Emergency. This is
an emergency. SOS.
Bay One. Bay One.
Simon, do you copy?
[radio static crackles]
[speaks Thai] Simon.
Simon, do you copy?
This is Bay One.
[speaks Thai]
Simon.
[radio static]
Simon, this is Bay One.
[speaks Thai]
-What if they don't respond?
-[Mandal] They will.
There's just interference
near the cliffs, dead spots.
What if they don't?
This boat will capsize.
There's nothing that's gonna
stop this, am I correct?
The hull cracked
under pressure, okay?
Flooding just surpassed
the centre line.
It's not symmetrical.
-The balance is off.
-English, Mandal.
Okay, see that line right there?
Once the water rises
past that line,
we have to evacuate.
What do you mean evacuate?
Don't you have a life raft?
We have rings.
We have life rings.
We don't have a life raft.
But there's a village
past that hill
on the other side.
I'm pretty sure
it's on the far side
of the island.
I'll swim there
and I'll get help.
Are you out of your mind?
What about the sharks
in the water?
Sharks don't just attack people.
That's not how it works.
What about Sheena,
the local celebrity?
No, they're very keen on
what they're looking for.
People that get attacked,
it's by mistake.
Just trust me, I know
what I'm talking about.
What if you don't come back?
Mistakes happen
when visibility is low.
If I don't go now,
it's gonna be too late.
Ruhan, keep pumping the water.
Try to get a hold of Simon.
Keep your vests on.
Help Ruhan.
We're gonna get out of this.
There's no blood or chum
in the water,
so there's nothing
to worry about.
Come back safely.
[tense music rises]
Watch your back.
[Mandal huffing]
This is like a nightmare.
This can't be real.
He's going to make it.
Monster get him...
He is going to pull this off.
Shark... too many...
[Mandal huffing]
Keep going!
We did it!
Get out of the water!
I'm coming back.
Go, go!
-Whoo!
-Whooo!
Yes!
[screams]
-Yeah!
-Whoo!
Whoo!
[gasping]
[gasping and huffing]
[dramatic music]
[Mandal gasping and huffing]
[twig snaps]
[Mandal cries out]
Where the hell is he?
Come on, faster
Work faster!
Let's go! We're sinking.
If Mandal can do it,
why can't we?
There's no way
we're getting in that water.
Captain, lucky.
[speaking Thai]
Simon.
Can't we move
the boat or something?
Get a better signal?
[speaks Thai]
Yeah?
[speaking Thai]
[dramatic music]
[tense music]
[tense music subsides]
[Ruhan grunting]
The party.
The tea.
Come, monster!
A macaw.
Sea dragon.
I work shark dive boat.
Two Australian get in cage.
Shark jump for tuna.
Get in the cage.
Bite guy head... right off.
What happened to the other guy?
Pull them out.
Shark almost killed me.
We come into their backyards,
they're the monsters.
Shark feel beating heart.
Beating heart?
[enunciating]
Beating heart.
[huffing]
Help!
[ominous music rises]
[Lani grunting]
[speaking Thai]
Simon!
[speaks Thai]
Don't you get it?
He's not coming.
He's coming.
He's gonna come.
[Lani] No one is coming.
We're on our own.
I can't talk die this.
We're too young to die.
I don't want to die right now.
-We can't die like this.
-It's gonna be okay.
It's not gonna be okay.
I'm gonna die.
It's gonna be okay, Lani.
-You're scaring me.
-We're all gonna die.
Come on, we got this, okay?
It's gonna be fine.
You're scaring me.
I'm the last thing you should be
scared of right now.
[Ruhan] Work faster!
Work faster!
-Work faster!
-This is stupid!
[Ruhan] You like monster, hmm?
Ah, you like?
You gonna eat too, huh?
You like that?
He's coming.
There is too much water.
[boat creaking]
Mandal!
-Whoo!
-Mandal!
Come here! Whoo!
Come on, come on!
Whoo! Yeah!
Lani, Emma, get in the canoe.
Okay. It's okay, it's okay.
Emma, Lani, you go to the beach
right where I came from.
Go around the island.
There's a village
on the other side.
-Call for help.
-What about you guys?
[Mandal] Don't worry about us.
Just go on the canoe.
We'll swim.
-Now go.
-Captain, I can go faster.
-I go faster.
-[Mandal] No, stop, stop.
-Please.
-Do your duty, sailor.
Do you understand me?
They're priority.
Do you understand me? Okay?
Their safety's first, not ours.
Captain, I go faster.
I can go faster.
Ruhan, stop, stop, stop.
You're a sailor.
Now do your duty, okay?
We'll take care of ourselves.
I got you.
You understand?
We take care of them first.
Okay, just relax.
-Okay? Come on.
-Let's go.
It's now or never.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
No, where's the oar?
Where's the oar?
Okay, the current's too strong,
we'll drift out to sea.
Come on, come on, come back!
[screams]
No!
Swim, swim! Come here.
Let's go. Get over here!
Get on the boat! Come here!
Right here! You're almost there!
You're okay!
Come, come, come here!
You're almost there!
Mandal, come here! Come on!
Swim, swim, swim! Come here!
[Mandal cries out]
[Mandal]
Aah!
[Mandal cries out]
Oh, my god.
I need rope. Look away, Mandal.
There's blood in the water.
Rope, now!
There's gonna be blood
in the water, go!
Give me the rope.
Just breathe, Mandal.
[Lani] Look away, Mandal.
Just breathe,
Mandal. Just breathe.
[Mandal]
There's blood in the water.
No, that one
is blood in the water.
You guys are wasting your time.
-Just go.
-Shh, look.
Ruhan, take Lani and go.
Just breathe.
You got it, okay?
Okay, you're strong.
You got this.
-[Mandal] Go.
-[Emma] I'm not leaving you.
[Lani] Come on, Emma.
There's nothing else
that we can do for him.
-[Mandal] You got to go now.
-I'm not leaving you.
Emma, there's nothing else
that we can do for him.
Let's go.
Emma, come on.
-Emma, get on the boat.
-Just go.
[Lani]
Come on, Emma, we got to go.
Where do you think you're going?
Get out of here, go!
Come on, buddy, go!
Go, let's go!
-[Ruhan struggles]
-[Mandal] Go!
Aah! Fuck!
[Mandal panting]
Come. I can't get--
I take you, I take you!
Come on, I take you, I take you.
Let's go, get out!
Get out!
No, wait!
Lani!
Come on, let's go!
Lani, let's go.
I don't want to hurt you.
[Lani screams]
[Emma] Lani!
Please, please, help.
No!
Please!
Ruhan, please, no!
No!
Lani, no!
[Ruhan] Get out!
[Emma] No!
Swim!
Swim to me, Lani!
Right here, come on! Lani!
[ominous music]
I got you.
Let's go.
[Emma gasps]
I got you. We're almost there.
Almost there!
I got you. I got you. I got you.
Stay still. I got you.
I got you.
[panting and grunting]
[Emma]
Okay.
[all panting and grunting]
[pained groans]
I got you, I got you.
Okay, come on, come on.
You're okay.
-I'm good.
-You're all right, babe.
[panting]
[Ruhan panting]
[Lani grunts]
We made it. We made it.
It's gonna be okay.
Hang in there, okay? We made it.
All right?
Okay?
Just hang in there.
Hang in there.
Son of a bitch got me.
Shit!
I'm okay. I'm good.
You're going to be okay.
You're a real trooper, Lani.
You are the bravest person
I know.
It's not that bad.
It's gonna be okay.
[panting]
[sharp cry]
Aahh!
[Lani panting]
[Emma] Hey, we made it.
It's gonna be okay.
[tense music]
[Mandal] Simon.
Anyone out there?
[speaking Thai]
Mayday.
[Emma]
Just a little bit longer. Okay?
We're going to get rescued.
-Mayday.
-[Emma] Just
a little bit longer, all right?
I want you to promise me.
Open your eyes, Lani.
You promise me, okay?
Come on, open your eyes.
I want to see your eyes,
and I want to
hear you say
we're going to be okay.
This is all my fault.
No, no, it's not your fault.
We're going to get
out of here, okay?
[Mandal]
Bay One, come in, Simon.
[Lani] My hands are so cold.
I can't feel them any more.
Hang in there.
[indistinct voice on radio]
Mayday, mayday!
Simon, can you hear me?
Emergency!
Mayday! Mayday!
Hear that?
We're gonna get rescued.
They're coming, okay?
We got the radio.
Just hang in there
a little bit longer, okay?
I'm fine.
I just... I just need a minute.
I've had worse scrapes
in my life.
It's almost over, I promise.
Mayday!
-Simon!
-It's good.
Mai Tais sound
pretty damn good right now.
[Mandal speaking Thai]
I'm fine. I'm fine.
I just need a rest.
Yeah, yeah, you are.
Simon, Mayday! Can you hear me?
We have two injured.
[speaks Thai over radio]
See that?
-Do you hear that?
-[speaks Thai over radio]
Simon, Mayday! Mayday!
Emergency! Mayday!
We're getting help.
They're coming.
Lani?
Lani!
[Mandal] SOS!
SOS!
Mayday! Mayday!
Lani!
-[Mandal]
Can you hear me? Emergency!
-Lani, please!
Please wake up, Lani!
[static crackles]
Lani, I'm sorry, Lani.
I'm so sorry.
I don't want to do this
any more.
[Mandal] Emma, we can
get out of this, okay?
Just listen to what I'm saying.
Listen to me,
it's really important.
We're going
to end up in the water,
but no sudden movements.
You cannot show fear
around sharks.
The water's coming up
and they're gonna come.
-There's blood...
-Enough about the sharks,
Mandal.
There's blood...
There's blood everywhere.
You can get out of here.
This was all a mistake.
He was a mistake.
She was a mistake.
This is all a mistake.
The bite was a mistake.
Enough about the water, Mandal.
You need to listen to me.
I don't care about the sharks.
-Emma.
-Lani is dead.
You can't change that now.
You need to listen to me.
Emma, if you don't go right now,
There's gonna be
a feeding frenzy.
There's blood everywhere.
-[Emma] I'm not leaving you.
-[Mandal] Go. You have to go.
-[Mandal] You have to go.
-[Emma] I'm not leaving you.
-[Mandal] Just go.
Go. You need to
stay away from me.
All right, you can make it.
I'm not leaving you.
[ominous music]
-[Mandal] Emma.
-[Emma] What?
You have to use her as bait.
No, we're not doing that.
Emma.
This is your only shot.
You have to use her as bait.
Trust me.
We're not doing that.
I'm bleeding all over the place
and she's bleeding.
-No!
-You don't have another
god-damn opportunity.
This is it. Use her as bait.
There are a hundred sharks
around the god-damn boat,
and we are fucking sinking.
Look at them.
We use her as bait.
She would have done
the same exact thing to you.
It'll buy us time
and then we can go.
I'm covered in fucking blood.
Let's get on the raft
and let's go.
Emma, Emma, Emma,
this is not gonna fucking work.
We need to buy time.
Where are we gonna go
on this thing?
It's barely floating.
Look around the boat.
-Just look around the boat.
-I can't.
-You can make it.
I'm dead anyways.
-I can't. I can't.
-Emma, we don't have time.
-I can't do it.
We don't have time.
What do you think,
they're here to fucking
play with you?
They're gonna kill us.
I'm bleeding all over
the fucking place.
Look at me.
She's fucking bleeding
all over the god-damn boat.
-No.
-Throw her
in the fucking water already.
Throw her in the fucking water!
Emma, throw her
in the fucking water.
I'm sorry!
-Put her in.
-I'm sorry.
[tearfully]
I'm sorry, Lani.
[sniffles]
[kiss]
I love you.
[sober music]
[water churning]
[sobbing]
Now. Emma, now! Come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on!
Emma, come on!
Emma! Come on,
give me your hand!
Give me your hand.
Give me your hand,
come on. Snap out of it.
Hurry up,
we don't have much time.
Emma, the boat
is sinking, come on.
The boat is sinking,
get on the raft.
Emma!
[sombre music]
Emma?
Emma!
[boat creaks]
[splish]
[dramatic music]
[Emma gasps]
Grab it.
Grab!
[panting softly]
We need...
...help.
We need help.
I need help.
Someone help us.
[static crackles]
[seabird squawking]
[water splashing]
Mandal, wake up.
I heard splashes.
[water splashing]
[ominous music]
No, Mandal,
please don't leave me.
Please don't leave me.
You promised you'd stay with me.
Green eyes.
It means good luck.
Help is coming.
They're gonna find you.
You'll be okay.
I can't do this alone.
Please stay with me.
[Emma weeps softly]
Mandal.
Please, please don't go.
Mandal, come back!
[sharp splash]
Please don't go.
Mandal!
[screams]
-[screams]
-Mandal!
Mandal?
Mandal.
[quavering gasps]
[soft sobs]
[boat horn blares]
Help!
[panting]
[distant seabirds crying]
[radio chirps]
[garbled cry]
[gasping]
[radio static crackles]
Help. I need help!
I'm stranded. I see a ship.
I need help!
[distorted chatter over radio]
[man] Hello?
[man speaking Thai]
I don't speak Thai.
Please, please turn around.
[speaks Thai over radio]
Hello?
Please turn back, please.
I see a ship.
[man] Hello?
[man speaking Thai]
[ominous music]
[ominous music builds,
then stops]
[boat engine humming]
[soft panting]
[water flows]
[door opens]
[man speaking Thai]
[indistinct Thai speech]
[dramatic music]
[foghorn blows]
[ominous music]
[sharp gasp]
[muffled gasps]
[panting]
[sharp thud]
[Emma cries out]
I didn't want
to hurt any of you.
[Emma groans]
Please!
I didn't kill her!
[screams]
[dramatic music]
Aah!
[Ruhan groans]
It's true.
You made me do it!
You did it!
[spits blood]
For Lani.
[spanner clatters]
[soft gasps]
[muffled throb of engine]
[panting]
[Ruhan]
Help!
[dramatic music]
[Ruhan panting]
Aah!
[sombre music]
[seabirds calling]
[dramatic music]
[hopeful theme rises]
[dramatic music swells]
[dramatic music continues]
[dramatic music fades]